An electronic machine can understand
 English statements
 Flow chart
 Binary digits
 Integers

A 2D diagram to represent the steps to be followed to solve a problem is known as
 Flow-chart
 Pseudo-code
 Both (a) and (b)
 None of these

A Pseudo-code is 
 An equivalent of a flow chart
 English-like statements
 Steps to write a program
 All the above

What is algorithm?
 A process or set of rules to be followed in calculations or other problem-solving operations, especially by a computer.
 A process or set of rules to be followed in calculations or other problem-solving operations, especially by a human.
 A process or set of rules to be followed to solve numerical problems only.
 A process or set of rules to be followed in to solve logical problems only.

Which one of the following statement is the most appropriate?
 Flowchart is diagrammatic representation of the algorithm. Pseudo code is just another name of algorithm.
 Flowchart is basically a diagrammatic representation of the algorithm. Whereas in pseudo code normal English language is translated into the programming languages to be worked on.
 Pseudo code is basically a diagrammatic representation of the algorithm. Whereas in flowchart normal English language is translated into the programming languages to be worked on.
 Pseudo code is another name of programming. Whereas in flowchart is diagrammatic representation of algorithm.

Compiler helps in the translation from
 Integer to binary
 High-level program to binary digits
 High-level language to machine level language
 Pseudo code to computer program

Which of the following statement is correct?
 Interpreter translates program one statement at a time; compiler scans the entire program and translates it as a whole into machine code.
 Compiler translates program one statement at a time, Interpreter Scans the entire program and translates it as a whole into machine code.
 Both Interpreter and Complier translate one statement at a time to machine code.
 None of the above.
 
C programming language uses
 Compiler
 Interpreter
 Both
 None of the above

The word length of a computer is measured in
 hexadecimal
 millimetres
 meters
 bits

Which part of the computer is used for calculating and comparing?
 Hard Disk
 Control unit
 ALU
 Monitor

The correct sequence of memory access while running a computer program is 
 RAM ‡ DISK ‡ RAM ‡CPU
 CPU ‡ DISK‡RAM‡CPU
 DISK‡RAM‡CPU‡DISK
 DISK‡RAM‡DISK‡CPU

When we write X=10 and Y=X, which of the following memory assignment is correct
 X and Y will have same location and 10 will be stored.
 X and Y will have two distinct locations and 10 will be stored in both
 X and Y will have same location and only X will contain value 10
 X and Y will have two distinct locations and only X will contain value 1

Which is more memory efficient?
 Interpreter
 Compiler
 Both are same
 Canít say

Debugging is easier in which case?
 That uses Compiler
 That uses Interpreter
 It depends on the expertise of the programmer
 None

When we write a program, before saving and compilation, it is saved into
 ROM
 RAM
 DISK
 CD

CPU gets the address of the next instructions from
 Register
 RAM
 Instruction Register
 Program Counter

X is an integer (X=1234). The print value of Y of the algorithm below is
[Note: The modulo operator returns the remainder of the left side divided by the right side. So 5%2 will evaluate to 1. (5 / 2 = 2 remainder: 1).]

 10
 11223344
 4321
 0

The following algorithm is used to find a number X is even or odd. What will be the content of the empty box?

 X%10=0?
 X/10=0?
 X/2=0?
 X%2=0?
1
What will be the output of the algorithm given below?

 51
 52
 50
 Compilation error

The input N from the user is 6. The output of the following algorithm is

 21
 720
 1
 1024